README.md, before:

# Prow dig

Dig into Prow logs of cert-manager to find which test cases have a timeout too
high compared to the "passed" runs of that test. You must have read access to the
bucket `gs://jetstack-logs` in order to run prowdig. To log in to the bucket, run:

```sh
gcloud auth application-default login
```

I wrote this tool because some Prow jobs in cert-manager would fail after almost
2 hours due to overly large timeouts in tests.

![Screenshot from 2021-12-18 22-49-26](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2195781/146656953-6c4f18f3-d273-472d-bac1-e7e4232cea29.png)

Install:

```sh
go install github.com/maelvls/prowdig@latest
```

Run:

```sh
$ prowdig max-duration --limit=20
...
22s     5m8s    [cert-manager] Vault ClusterIssuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for the default value (90 days)
14s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer Creating a Gateway with annotations for issuerRef and other Certificate fields
14s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer should issue a basic, defaulted certificate for a single distinct DNS Name
13s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer should issue a CA certificate with the CA basicConstraint set
13s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a Common Name and IP Address
12s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a long domain
16s     5m4s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue another certificate with the same private key if the existing certificate and CertificateRequest are deleted
21s     5m10s   [cert-manager] Vault ClusterIssuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for 35 days
11s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue a certificate that defines a Common Name and IP Address
11s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a distinct DNS Name and another distinct Common Name
11s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a long domain
11s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External ClusterIssuer should issue an ECDSA, defaulted certificate for a single distinct DNS Name
10s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue a basic, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
10s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue a basic, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
9s      5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue a basic, defaulted certificate for a single distinct DNS Name
9s      5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue an ECDSA, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
22s     5m12s   [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External ClusterIssuer should issue another certificate with the same private key if the existing certificate and CertificateRequest are deleted
9s      5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue an Ed25519, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
9s      5m1s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue an ECDSA, defaulted certificate for a single distinct DNS Name
11s     5m3s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA Issuer should issue another certificate with the same private key if the existing certificate and CertificateRequest are deleted
7s      5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue an ECDSA, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
15s     5m13s   [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned Issuer should issue another certificate with the same private key if the existing certificate and CertificateRequest are deleted
32s     10m11s  [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type VaultAppRole ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a wildcard DNS Name and its apex DNS Name
21s     10m0s   [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a wildcard DNS Name and its apex DNS Name
20s     10m0s   [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue a certificate that defines a wildcard DNS Name and its apex DNS Name
```

prowdig displays the test cases for the jobs from the 20 last PRs. The format
is:

```plain
24s     5m9s    [cert-manager] Vault ClusterIssuer CertificateRequest...
^        ^      ^
|        |      The test name.
|        |
|        Max. duration of "failed".
|
Max. duration of "passed".
```

prowdig max-duration displays test cases by ascending order of priority
("priority" meaning that you should take a look at this test case). The last
test case displayed is the one with the highest difference between the max.
duration of "passed" and max. duration of "failed". The test cases for which no
"failed" result are not displayed.

You can list all the Ginkgo results:

```sh
$ prowdig list
17s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for 35 days
19s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for 35 days
7s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for the default value (90 days)
5s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for the default value (90 days)
14s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate with Vault configured maximum TTL duration (90 days) when requested duration is greater than TTL
13s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate with Vault configured maximum TTL duration (90 days) when requested duration is greater than TTL
10s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate with a warning event when renewBefore is bigger than the duration
11s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate with a warning event when renewBefore is bigger than the duration
7s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new valid certificate
9s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new valid certificate
6s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid AppRole
5s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid AppRole
7s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid Kubernetes Role and ServiceAccount Secret
17s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid Kubernetes Role and ServiceAccount Secret
7s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Kubernetes Role
10s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Kubernetes Role
6s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault AppRole
4s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault AppRole
18s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault Token
19s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault Token
```

Note that each test name may appear multiple times in the list, since multiple
jobs are analyzed.

The color of the duration:

- Red = failed,
- Green = passed,
- Blue = error (test setup failure reported an error during setting up the test).

Since the build-log.txt files large (can go up to 36MB in case of many timeouts,
which is around 600MB for 20 PRs which account for 476 `build-log.txt` files),
prowdig caches the files in `~/.cache/prowdig`. This folder may get big, feel
free to delete it when you are done:

```sh
rm -rf ~/.cache/prowdig
```

prowdig works by fetching the `junit__xx.xml` files from the jobs of the last 20
PRs. But there is a caveat to it: the junit files are only uploaded when the
Prow job finishes before the job's timeout (which about 2 hours). Which means
that in order to find out which tests have timed out, we have to look at the raw
build-log.txt and parse errors of the form:

```plain
• Failure [301.437 seconds]
[Conformance] Certificates
test/e2e/framework/framework.go:287
  with issuer type External ClusterIssuer
  test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:47
    should issue a cert with wildcard DNS Name [It]
    test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:105
    Unexpected error:

        <*errors.errorString | 0xc0001c07b0>: {
            s: "timed out waiting for the condition",
        }
        timed out waiting for the condition
    occurred
    test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:522
------------------------------
```

If you would like to list the Ginkgo failures that happened
in a given file (can be a URL), you can run:

```sh
prowdig parse-logs https://storage.googleapis.com/jetstack-logs/pr-logs/pull/jetstack_cert-manager/4044/pull-cert-manager-e2e-v1-21/1395667201859522561/build-log.txt
```

That will show you an overview of the failures:

```plain
31s     [cert-manager] CertificateRequest with a properly configured Issuer should obtain a signed certificate for a single domain: timed out waiting for the condition
1m9s    [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid Kubernetes Role and ServiceAccount Secret: timed out waiting for the condition: Last Status: 'False' Reason: 'VaultError', Message: 'Failed to initialize Vault client: error reading Kubernetes service account token from vault-serviceaccount: error calling Vault server: Error making API request.

URL: POST https://vault.e2e-tests-create-vault-issuer-pgvs6:8200/v1/auth/kubernetes/login
Code: 403. Errors:

* permission denied'
1m11s   [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid Kubernetes Role and ServiceAccount Secret: timed out waiting for the condition: Last Status: 'False' Reason: 'VaultError', Message: 'Failed to initialize Vault client: error reading Kubernetes service account token from vault-serviceaccount: error calling Vault server: Error making API request.

URL: POST https://vault.e2e-tests-create-vault-issuer-klmxs:8200/v1/auth/kubernetes/login
Code: 403. Errors:

* permission denied'
```

You can pass `-ojson` to get the output in JSON format:

```sh
$ prowdig max-duration --limit=1 -ojson | jq
[
  {
    "name": "[Conformance] Certificates with issuer type VaultAppRole ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a wildcard DNS Name and its apex DNS Name",
    "maxDurationPassed": 32,
    "maxDurationFailed": 611
  },
  ...
]
```

- `maxDurationPassed` and `MaxDurationFailed` are in seconds and correspond to
  the maximum duration of the "passed" and "failed" runs for a given test name.

```sh
$ prowdig list --limit=1 -ojson | jq
[
  {
    "name": "[cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault Token",
    "status": "passed",
    "duration": 18,
    "err": "",
    "errLoc": "",
    "source": ""
  },
  {
    "name": "[Conformance] CertificateSigningRequests CertificateSigningRequest with issuer type SelfSigned Issuer should issue an ECDSA certificate for a single distinct DNS Name",
    "status": "failed",
    "duration": 1,
    "err": "CertificateSigningRequest has failed: {[{Approved True e2e.cert-manager.io Request approved for e2e testing. 2021-11-26 08:30:47 +0000 UTC 2021-11-26 08:30:47 +0000 UTC} {Failed True SecretNotFound Referenced Secret e2e-tests-certificatesigningrequests-q7sg9/selfsigned-requester-key-kgl8l not found 2021-11-26 08:30:47 +0000 UTC 2021-11-26 08:30:47 +0000 UTC}] []}",
    "errLoc": "test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificatesigningrequests/tests.go:393",
    "source": "https://storage.googleapis.com/jetstack-logs/pr-logs/pull/jetstack_cert-manager/4598/pull-cert-manager-e2e-v1-22/1464143130398822400/build-log.txt#line=23497"
  },
  ...
]
```

- `status` is either "passed", "failed", or "error". "error" appears when Ginkgo
  reported an error during setting up the test:

  ```plain
  • Failure in Spec Setup (BeforeEach) [61.637 seconds]
  [cert-manager] ACME CertificateRequest (HTTP01)
  test/e2e/framework/framework.go:283
    should automatically recreate challenge pod and still obtain a certificate if it is manually deleted [BeforeEach]
    test/e2e/suite/issuers/acme/certificaterequest/http01.go:207

    Unexpected error:
        <*errors.errorString | 0xc000234850>: {
            s: "timed out waiting for the condition",
        }
        timed out waiting for the condition
    occurred

    test/e2e/suite/issuers/acme/certificaterequest/http01.go:93
  ------------------------------
  ```

- `duration` is in second.
- `errLoc` is the file path and line number of where the error was declared:

  ```plain
  • Failure [301.437 seconds]
  [Conformance] Certificates
  test/e2e/framework/framework.go:287
    with issuer type External ClusterIssuer
    test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:47
      should issue a cert with wildcard DNS Name [It]
      test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:105

      Unexpected error:

          <*errors.errorString | 0xc0001c07b0>: {
              s: "timed out waiting for the condition",
          }
          timed out waiting for the condition
      occurred

      test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:522      <------ errLoc
  ------------------------------
  ```

- `source` is the file path and line number of the `build-log.txt`-like file. If
  it is a URL, the line number is appended as `#line=<line_number>`.
- `err` is the un-indented error message. The line containing `errLoc` is not
  included in `err`.

Commit message:

readme: update with "tests" and "builds" subcommands

README.md, after:

# Prow dig

Dig into Prow logs of cert-manager to find which test cases have a timeout too
high compared to the "passed" runs of that test. You must have read access to the
bucket `gs://jetstack-logs` in order to run prowdig. To log in to the bucket, run:

```sh
gcloud auth application-default login
```

I wrote this tool because some Prow jobs in cert-manager would fail after almost
2 hours due to overly large timeouts in tests.

![Screenshot from 2021-12-18 22-49-26](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2195781/146656953-6c4f18f3-d273-472d-bac1-e7e4232cea29.png)

Install:

```sh
go install github.com/maelvls/prowdig@latest
```

Run:

```sh
$ prowdig tests max-duration --limit=20
...
22s     5m8s    [cert-manager] Vault ClusterIssuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for the default value (90 days)
14s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer Creating a Gateway with annotations for issuerRef and other Certificate fields
14s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer should issue a basic, defaulted certificate for a single distinct DNS Name
13s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer should issue a CA certificate with the CA basicConstraint set
13s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a Common Name and IP Address
12s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a long domain
16s     5m4s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue another certificate with the same private key if the existing certificate and CertificateRequest are deleted
21s     5m10s   [cert-manager] Vault ClusterIssuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for 35 days
11s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue a certificate that defines a Common Name and IP Address
11s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a distinct DNS Name and another distinct Common Name
11s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a long domain
11s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External ClusterIssuer should issue an ECDSA, defaulted certificate for a single distinct DNS Name
10s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue a basic, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
10s     5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue a basic, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
9s      5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue a basic, defaulted certificate for a single distinct DNS Name
9s      5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue an ECDSA, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
22s     5m12s   [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External ClusterIssuer should issue another certificate with the same private key if the existing certificate and CertificateRequest are deleted
9s      5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue an Ed25519, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
9s      5m1s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue an ECDSA, defaulted certificate for a single distinct DNS Name
11s     5m3s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type CA Issuer should issue another certificate with the same private key if the existing certificate and CertificateRequest are deleted
7s      5m0s    [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned ClusterIssuer should issue an ECDSA, defaulted certificate for a single Common Name
15s     5m13s   [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type SelfSigned Issuer should issue another certificate with the same private key if the existing certificate and CertificateRequest are deleted
32s     10m11s  [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type VaultAppRole ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a wildcard DNS Name and its apex DNS Name
21s     10m0s   [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a wildcard DNS Name and its apex DNS Name
20s     10m0s   [Conformance] Certificates with issuer type External Issuer should issue a certificate that defines a wildcard DNS Name and its apex DNS Name
```

prowdig displays the test cases for the jobs from the 20 last PRs. The format
is:

```plain
24s     5m9s    [cert-manager] Vault ClusterIssuer CertificateRequest...
^        ^      ^
|        |      The test name.
|        |
|        Max. duration of "failed".
|
Max. duration of "passed".
```

The command `prowdig tests max-duration` displays test cases by ascending order
of priority ("priority" meaning that you should take a look at this test case).
The last test case displayed is the one with the highest difference between the
max. duration of "passed" and max. duration of "failed". The test cases for
which no "failed" result are not displayed.

You can list all the Ginkgo results in the last 2 PRs by running:

```sh
$ prowdig tests list --limit=2
17s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for 35 days
19s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for 35 days
7s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for the default value (90 days)
5s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate valid for the default value (90 days)
14s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate with Vault configured maximum TTL duration (90 days) when requested duration is greater than TTL
13s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate with Vault configured maximum TTL duration (90 days) when requested duration is greater than TTL
10s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate with a warning event when renewBefore is bigger than the duration
11s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new certificate with a warning event when renewBefore is bigger than the duration
7s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new valid certificate
9s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer CertificateRequest (AppRole) should generate a new valid certificate
6s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid AppRole
5s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid AppRole
7s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid Kubernetes Role and ServiceAccount Secret
17s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid Kubernetes Role and ServiceAccount Secret
7s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Kubernetes Role
10s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Kubernetes Role
6s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault AppRole
4s      [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault AppRole
18s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault Token
19s     [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault Token
```

Notice how each test name may appear multiple times in the list, since each PR
has builds.

The color of the duration is:

- Red = failed,
- Green = passed,
- Blue = error (test setup failure reported an error during setting up the test).

Since the build-log.txt files large (can go up to 36MB in case of many timeouts,
which is around 600MB for 20 PRs which account for 476 `build-log.txt` files),
prowdig caches the files in `~/.cache/prowdig`. This folder may get big, feel
free to delete it when you are done:

```sh
rm -rf ~/.cache/prowdig
```

prowdig works by fetching the `junit__xx.xml` files from the jobs of the last 20
PRs. But there is a caveat to it: the junit files are only uploaded when the
Prow job finishes before the job's timeout (which about 2 hours). Which means
that in order to find out which tests have timed out, we have to look at the raw
build-log.txt and parse errors of the form:

```plain
• Failure [301.437 seconds]
[Conformance] Certificates
test/e2e/framework/framework.go:287
  with issuer type External ClusterIssuer
  test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:47
    should issue a cert with wildcard DNS Name [It]
    test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:105
    Unexpected error:

        <*errors.errorString | 0xc0001c07b0>: {
            s: "timed out waiting for the condition",
        }
        timed out waiting for the condition
    occurred
    test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:522
------------------------------
```

If you would like to list the Ginkgo failures that happened
in a given file (can be a URL), you can run:

```sh
prowdig tests parse-logs https://storage.googleapis.com/jetstack-logs/pr-logs/pull/jetstack_cert-manager/4044/pull-cert-manager-e2e-v1-21/1395667201859522561/build-log.txt
```

That will show you an overview of the failures:

```plain
31s     [cert-manager] CertificateRequest with a properly configured Issuer should obtain a signed certificate for a single domain: timed out waiting for the condition
1m9s    [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid Kubernetes Role and ServiceAccount Secret: timed out waiting for the condition: Last Status: 'False' Reason: 'VaultError', Message: 'Failed to initialize Vault client: error reading Kubernetes service account token from vault-serviceaccount: error calling Vault server: Error making API request.

URL: POST https://vault.e2e-tests-create-vault-issuer-pgvs6:8200/v1/auth/kubernetes/login
Code: 403. Errors:

* permission denied'
1m11s   [cert-manager] Vault Issuer should be ready with a valid Kubernetes Role and ServiceAccount Secret: timed out waiting for the condition: Last Status: 'False' Reason: 'VaultError', Message: 'Failed to initialize Vault client: error reading Kubernetes service account token from vault-serviceaccount: error calling Vault server: Error making API request.

URL: POST https://vault.e2e-tests-create-vault-issuer-klmxs:8200/v1/auth/kubernetes/login
Code: 403. Errors:

* permission denied'
```

You can pass `-ojson` to get the output in JSON format:

```sh
$ prowdig tests max-duration --limit=1 -ojson | jq
[
  {
    "name": "[Conformance] Certificates with issuer type VaultAppRole ClusterIssuer should issue a certificate that defines a wildcard DNS Name and its apex DNS Name",
    "maxDurationPassed": 32,
    "maxDurationFailed": 611
  },
  ...
]
```

- `maxDurationPassed` and `MaxDurationFailed` are in seconds and correspond to
  the maximum duration of the "passed" and "failed" runs for a given test name.

```sh
$ prowdig tests list --limit=1 -ojson | jq
[
  {
    "name": "[cert-manager] Vault Issuer should fail to init with missing Vault Token",
    "status": "passed",
    "duration": 18,
    "err": "",
    "errLoc": "",
    "source": ""
  },
  {
    "name": "[Conformance] CertificateSigningRequests CertificateSigningRequest with issuer type SelfSigned Issuer should issue an ECDSA certificate for a single distinct DNS Name",
    "status": "failed",
    "duration": 1,
    "err": "CertificateSigningRequest has failed: {[{Approved True e2e.cert-manager.io Request approved for e2e testing. 2021-11-26 08:30:47 +0000 UTC 2021-11-26 08:30:47 +0000 UTC} {Failed True SecretNotFound Referenced Secret e2e-tests-certificatesigningrequests-q7sg9/selfsigned-requester-key-kgl8l not found 2021-11-26 08:30:47 +0000 UTC 2021-11-26 08:30:47 +0000 UTC}] []}",
    "errLoc": "test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificatesigningrequests/tests.go:393",
    "source": "https://storage.googleapis.com/jetstack-logs/pr-logs/pull/jetstack_cert-manager/4598/pull-cert-manager-e2e-v1-22/1464143130398822400/build-log.txt#line=23497"
  },
  ...
]
```

- `status` is either "passed", "failed", or "error". "error" appears when Ginkgo
  reported an error during setting up the test:

  ```plain
  • Failure in Spec Setup (BeforeEach) [61.637 seconds]
  [cert-manager] ACME CertificateRequest (HTTP01)
  test/e2e/framework/framework.go:283
    should automatically recreate challenge pod and still obtain a certificate if it is manually deleted [BeforeEach]
    test/e2e/suite/issuers/acme/certificaterequest/http01.go:207

    Unexpected error:
        <*errors.errorString | 0xc000234850>: {
            s: "timed out waiting for the condition",
        }
        timed out waiting for the condition
    occurred

    test/e2e/suite/issuers/acme/certificaterequest/http01.go:93
  ------------------------------
  ```

- `duration` is in second.
- `errLoc` is the file path and line number of where the error was declared:

  ```plain
  • Failure [301.437 seconds]
  [Conformance] Certificates
  test/e2e/framework/framework.go:287
    with issuer type External ClusterIssuer
    test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:47
      should issue a cert with wildcard DNS Name [It]
      test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:105

      Unexpected error:

          <*errors.errorString | 0xc0001c07b0>: {
              s: "timed out waiting for the condition",
          }
          timed out waiting for the condition
      occurred

      test/e2e/suite/conformance/certificates.go:522      <------ errLoc
  ------------------------------
  ```

- `source` is the file path and line number of the `build-log.txt`-like file. If
  it is a URL, the line number is appended as `#line=<line_number>`.
- `err` is the un-indented error message. The line containing `errLoc` is not
  included in `err`.
